Excuse me. I'm looking for a captain, no one blare.
He's just ducked out to go buy something, but he shouldn't be too much longer if you, uh...
If you want to wait around, uh, I'm Frankie.
Ida.
You're not no one's wife, are you?
It's me.
Well, it's good to finally meet you.
I can understand why, uh, no one was keeping you to himself for so long.
Smart guy.
Hey, um, how about I give you a tour of the buy house?
Show you around a little bit while you wait.
Yeah, so this is the kitchen.
And that brings us to the end of Frankie's tours.
Make sure you leave me five stars on a trip advisor.
Uh, Ida.
What are you doing here?
I saw you name the casualty list for yesterday.
We were at the cafe when it exploded.
I wanted divorce.
What?